### Nearbuy Systems Wi-Fi Terms of UseEffective date: 17 December 2012
#### Terms of UseThe Nearbuy Wi-Fi Service (the “Service”) is provided by Nearbuy Systems (“Nearbuy”, “we”, or “us”). As part of the Service, Nearbuy provides a website portal (the “Site”) that is accessible when you first access the Service and after you log in to the Service. This Terms of Use agreement (“Agreement”) and any other rules posted on the Site or presented to you in connection with the Service set forth the legally binding terms for your use of the Service. Please read the Agreement carefully before registering for or using the Service. This Agreement is a legally binding agreement between you and Nearbuy. By proceeding to establish an Account or using the Service, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.#### Use of the Service__Generally__. In order to use the Service (and to become a “User”), you must create a Service account (“Account”) by registering on the Site to become a registered user of the Service. Your use of the Service is governed by these terms and conditions.__Nearbuy Account__. By creating an Account, you represent and warrant that: (a) all registration information for your Account you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; (c) you will only use the Service for the purpose of evaluating Nearbuy products and services; and (d) you will only use the Service at Nearbuy’s invitation (such as while a guest at our facilities, lab, or demo site). Once you have established an Account, your device might automatically join the network when you are within range of our Service, and you will not be provided additional prompts or notices to that effect. You hereby consent to the initial and future connections by creating an Account. If you do not wish to have future connections with our Service, you can change the network settings on your device (if applicable) or you may opt-out by registering your MAC address with Nearbuy at the contact info below.__Third Party Service__. The Service may allow you to access the Internet. You acknowledge and agree that Nearbuy bears no liability or responsibility for your use of the Internet or your relationship with any third parties or sites that you visit while using our Service.#### Term And TerminationThis Agreement will commence upon your first access to the Site or use of the Service and will remain in full force and effect unless and until your Account is terminated as provided in this Agreement. You may terminate your Account at any time, for any reason by changing the network settings on your device (if applicable) or opting-out by registering your MAC address with Nearbuy at the contact info below. Nearbuy may terminate your Account and/or stop providing the Service to you immediately:if you are in breach of this Agreement;if Nearbuy decides in its sole discretion to stop providing the Service generally; orfor any or no reason.Nearbuy will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your Account or Service, or related deletion of your information. Nearbuy may modify, suspend, or discontinue the Service at any time, for any or no reason, at our sole discretion.#### Proprietary RightsYou acknowledge that all the intellectual property rights in the Service and the underlying technology, and all content on the Site are owned by Nearbuy or Nearbuy’s licensors. All rights not expressly licensed are reserved. You agree not to reproduce (except to view content on the Site for your personal purposes), reverse engineer, modify, or create derivative works based on the Service or Site content. Except as expressly permitted under this Agreement, you agree not to rent, lease, loan, or sell access to the Service or provide the Service to any third party on a service bureau or time sharing basis or otherwise.
#### Acceptable Use and Conduct__Acceptable Use Policy__. You hereby agree to comply with Nearbuy’s acceptable use policy (“Acceptable Use Policy”), as described below. You will not use the Service to (or assist another person to):Harm or threaten harm to persons or property;Harass other persons;Violate any applicable law, including those related to export control, spam, gambling, obscenity, or computer access;Engage in any fraud or misrepresentation;Provide instructional information about illegal activities;Interfere with, disrupt, or create undue burden on the Service (or the networks or computers that provide same);Infringe or violate another person’s rights, including privacy and intellectual property rights;Allow another person who has not registered for the Service to access or use the Service on his computer or device through your computer or device;
Knowingly distribute any virus or other malware;Access any network or computer (including those providing the Service) in excess of the permission expressly granted to you;Monitor (through, for example, sniffers) any network traffic without express authorization of the owner of the network and the parties’ to the communications;Attempt to decrypt any encrypted or scrambled communications;Introduce software or automated agents into the Service; orAttempt to impersonate any other person, including any Nearbuy employees.__Breach__. Nearbuy reserves the right (but has no obligation) to investigate and take appropriate action in its sole discretion against you, if you violate Nearbuy’s Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of this Agreement, including without limitation, refusing to provide access to and use of the Service to you, terminating your Account, our other partners, or law enforcement authorities, and taking legal action against you.__Use Limits and Network Management__. Nearbuy’s goal is to ensure that every user has a great experience. Towards that goal, Nearbuy may prioritize, restrict, or set limits (such as bandwidth allocations or limits on types of content accessed or transferred) on your use of the Service. In times of heavy network usage, this may impact the functioning of high bandwidth applications. As with any mobile broadband network, speed may vary due to your device, atmospheric conditions, terrain, network capacity, and site location. Content, file sharing, or multiplayer gaming requiring high bandwidth, such as VoIP, streaming audio and video, and file sharing, are given a lower priority and at times may be blocked or not work consistently. Service is available only when your device is within the operating range of the Service coverage. Actual Service coverage, speeds, locations, and quality may vary. Service is subject to unavailability, including emergencies, third party service failures, transmission, equipment or network problems or limitations, interference, signal strength, maintenance and repair, and national security issues and may be interrupted, refused, limited, or curtailed.#### Privacy and Security__Privacy__. Use of the Service is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.__Public Nature of Network__. Please note that your connection to the Service is not secure and by using a public network connection, others may view the data packets that you send and receive while using the service. The Service is not intended to be used for confidential or sensitive transmissions, and Nearbuy recommends that sensitive or private information should not be accessed via or transmitted over an insecure connection.__Acknowledgment of Service Limitations__. You acknowledge that, as a free Service, limitations exist and Nearbuy is under no obligation to provide any particular type or level of Service. Limitations may include limitations on certain types of connections (like web browsing and VPN connections) and content filtering.#### Disclaimers__The Service is provided “As-Is” and as available. Nearbuy and its Customers, Service providers, partners, and affiliates expressly disclaim any warranties and conditions of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet enjoyment, accuracy, or non-infringement. Nearbuy (and each of its service providers and customers) make no warranty that: (a) the Service will meet your requirements; (b) the Service will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free and malicious code-free basis; or (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service will be accurate or reliable. You expressly acknowledge that there are certain security, confidentiality, and privacy risks inherent in wireless communications and technology, and Nearbuy does not make any assurances or warranties relating to such risks.__
You acknowledge that the third parties that provide the Third Party Services may, at any time, change the means by which the Third Party Services are accessed, and consequently, your ability to use the Service to facilitate your access to any Third Party Services may be temporarily or permanently disabled. You agree that Nearbuy shall have no responsibility or liability to you whatsoever in relation to the Third Party Services or continuing access to the Third Party Services, and that Nearbuy makes no representations or warranties with respect to the Third Party Services.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.#### Limitation of LiabilityIn no event shall Nearbuy be liable to you or any third party for any lost profit or any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special, or punitive damages arising from your use of the Service, even if Nearbuy has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Nearbuy’s liability (Including but not limited to its customers, partners, and affiliates) to you for any damages arising from or related to your use of the Service (for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action), will at all times be limited to Twenty-five US Dollars ($25) even if a provision fails of its essential purpose or Nearbuy has been advised of the risk. 
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you, and you may also have other legal rights that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.#### IndemnityYou agree to defend, hold harmless, and indemnify Nearbuy, its subsidiaries, affiliates, customers, officers, agents, licensees, and other partners and employees, from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including without limitation reasonable attorney’s fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Service in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from your breach of any provision of this Agreement.#### General__Survival__. Your obligations under this Agreement shall survive even if Nearbuy terminates your Service or after termination of this Agreement for any reason.
__Governing Law and Venue__. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide the application of the law of another jurisdiction. The parties agree that any claim or dispute one party has against the other party arising under or relating to this Agreement (including claims in contract, tort, strict liability, statutory liability, or other claims) must be resolved exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction, federal or state, located in Santa Clara County, California, and no other court. Each party agrees to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and to accept service of process from them.__Assignment__. All or any of Nearbuy’s rights and obligations under this Agreement may be assigned to a subsequent owner or operator of the Service in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of Nearbuy’s assets. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any or all of your rights hereunder, without the prior written consent of Nearbuy, and any attempt to do so is void.__Entire Agreement__; No Waiver. This Agreement (which includes the Privacy Policy and any other rules posted on the Site) constitutes the entire agreement between you and Nearbuy regarding the use of the Service. Nearbuy’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of you, Nearbuy their heirs, administrators, successors and assigns.__Amendments__. We may amend this Agreement from time to time. If we make material changes to the Agreement, we will provide a notice to you via a window that appears next time you access the Service. Your continued use of the Service after that time shall constitute your acceptance of the amended Agreement.
__Notices__. Nearbuy may give legal notice to you by means of a general notice on the Service, electronic mail to your email address on our records for your Account, if any. All legal notices given by you shall be mailed to:
Nearbuy Systems  1900 O'Farrell Street, Suite 375  
San Mateo, CA 94403  <info@nearbuysystems.com>